Clarify documentation configuration requirements for standalone certificates (#1045)
nginx-proxy/acme-companion: docs/Standalone-certificates.md

`LETSENCRYPT_uniqueidentifier_HOST` : a bash array containing domain(s) that will be covered by the certificate corresponding to `uniqueidentifier`.

> Each identifier in `LETSENCRYPT_STANDALONE_CERTS` must have its own corresponding `LETSENCRYPT_uniqueidentifier_HOST` array, where the string `uniqueidentifier` has to equal to that identifier. 

Reviewer: Slight wording change:
```suggestion
Each identifier in `LETSENCRYPT_STANDALONE_CERTS` must have its own corresponding `LETSENCRYPT_uniqueidentifier_HOST` array, where the string `uniqueidentifier` has to be identical to that identifier. 
```
